feat: add export template api (#35)
Aam-Digital/aam-services: docs/modules/export.md

# Aam Digital - Export API

## Overview

> The export module is responsible for handling various template-based export operations. This module primarily focuses on generating PDFs for entities within the AAM system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The export module is responsible for handling various template-based export operations.
This module primarily focuses on generating PDFs for entities within the Aam Digital system.
```

(trying to use "Aam" rather than "AAM" consistently. Otherwise people often mistake this for an acronym)

### Dependencies

> This service is using an external template engine for handle placeholder replacement in files and render PDF files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service is using an external template engine to handle placeholder replacement in files and render PDF (or other supported) files.  
```
